=== Google Maps Platform Terms of Service — https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms/
=== abgerufen 2026-08-27, Auszug Abschnitt 3.2.3

with the Agreement (including the AUP). 3.2.3 Restrictions Against Misusing the Services . (a)  No Scraping . Customer will not export, extract, or otherwise scrape Google Maps Content for use outside the Services. For example, Customer will not: (i) pre-fetch, index, store, reshare, or rehost Google Maps Content outside the services; (ii) bulk download Google Maps tiles, Street View images, geocodes, directions, distance matrix results, roads information, places information, elevation values, and time zone details; (iii) copy and save business names, addresses, or user reviews; or (iv) use Google Maps Content with text-to-speech services. (b) No Caching . Customer will not cache Google Maps Content except as expressly permitted under the Maps Service Specific Terms. (c) No Creating Content From Google Maps Content . Customer will not create content based on Google Maps Content. For example, Customer will not: (i) trace or digitize roadways, building outlines, utility posts, or electrical lines from the Maps JavaScript API Satellite base map type; (ii) create 3D building models from 45° Imagery from Maps JavaScript API; (iii) build terrain models based on elevation values from the Elevation API; (iv) use latitude/longitude values from the Places API as an input for point-in-polygon analysis; (v) construct an index of tree locations within a city from Street View imagery; (vi) convert text-based driving times into synthesized speech results; or (vii) use Google Maps Content to improve machine learning and artificial intelligence models, including to train, test, validate or fine-tune the models. (d) No Re-Creating Google Products or Features . Customer will not use the Services to create a product or service with features that are substantially similar to or that re-create the features of another Google product or service. Customer’s product or service must contain substantial, independent value and features beyond the Google products or services. For example, Customer will not: (i) re-distribute the Google Maps Core Services or pass them off as if they were Customer’s services; (ii) use the Google Maps Core Services to create a substitute of the Google Maps Core Services, Google Maps, or Google Maps mobile apps, or their features; (iii) use the Google Maps Core Services in a listings or directory service or to create or augment an advertising product; (iv) combine data from the Directions API, Geolocation API, and Maps SDK for Android to create real-time navigation functionality substantially similar to the functionality provided by the Google Maps for Android mobile app. (e) No Use With Non-Google Maps . To avoid quality issues and/or brand confusion, Customer will not use the Google Maps Core Services with or near a non-Google Map in a Customer Application. For example, Customer will not (i) display or use Places content on a non-Google Map, (ii) display Street View imagery and non-Goo



=== Google Maps Platform Service Specific Terms — https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms/maps-service-terms
=== abgerufen 2026-08-27, Auszug A.2/A.3

ean Economic Area, please see the (EEA) Service Specific Terms (as described at https://cloud.google.com/terms/maps-platform/eea/maps-service-terms ). A. GENERAL SERVICE TERMS The following terms apply to all Google Maps Platform Services. 1. Documentation Customer will comply with the Documentation. 2 . Attribution Customer will attribute all the Services in accordance with the Documentation. 3. Google ID Caching Customer may cache the Google ID values from the Services that return such field and allow caching, in accordance with its Documentation. For example, Customer may cache (a) place_id from Places API, Directions API, Geolocation API and Routes API, (b) pano_ID, from Street View Static API, and (c) video_ID from Aerial View API. 4. Verification of Customer-Reported Subscriptions Google has the ability to independently track Customer’s use of certain Services, but Google relies on Customer to measure its own usage of certain other Services (such as per-Asset Asset Tracking). To verify Customer’s usage of self-measured Services, Google may require the following once per calendar year: (a) a corporate officer’s certification that Customer has fully complied with the Agreement; and/or (b) an audit of Customer’s relevant records by a nationally-recognized independent auditor o